Game Code                | Game Name                          | Geo Availability
-------------------------|------------------------------------|-----------------
pubgm                    | PUBG Mobile                        | Global
freefire_sgmy            | Freefire SGMY                      | SGMY
freefire_global          | Freefire Global                    | Global
genshin                  | Genshin Impact                     | Global
tof                      | Tower of Fantasy                   | Global
mlbb                     | Mobile Legends                     | Global
mlbb_exclusive           | Mobile Legends Exclusive           | Global
mlbb_indo                | Mobile Legends                     | Indonesia
mlbb_exclusive_global    | Mobile Legends Exclusive Global    | All except Indonesian accounts
mlbb_global              | Mobile Legends Global              | Global
ragnarok_origin          | Ragnarok Origin                    | Global
bigo                     | Bigo Live Diamonds                 | Global
identityv                | Identity V                         | Global
brawlstars               | Brawl Stars                        | Global
clashofclans             | Clash of Clans                     | Global
clashroyale              | Clash Royale                       | Global
hayday                   | Hay Day                            | Global
nikke                    | GOV: Nikke                         | Global
maplestorym              | MapleStory M                       | Global
harry_potter_magic_awakened | Harry Potter: Magic Awaken      | Global
garena_undawn            | Garena Undawn                      | Global
honkai_star_rail         | Honkai Star Rail                   | Global
maplestoryr              | MapleStory R: Evolution            | Global
undawn_global            | Undawn Global                      | Global
arena_breakout           | Arena Breakout                     | Global
super_sus                | Super Sus                          | Global
mlbb_ru                  | Mobile Legends Russia              | Russia
mlbb_br                  | Mobile Legends Brazil              | Brazil
mlbb_special             | Mobile Legends Special             | Global
likee                    | Likee                              | Global
state_of_survival        | State of Survival                  | Global
zepeto                    | Zepeto                             | Global
black_clover_m_asia      | Black Clover M Asia                | Asia
pgr                      | Punishing Gray Raven               | Global
farlight84               | Farlight 84                        | Global
dbdl                     | Dead by Daylight Mobile            | Global
stumble_guys             | Stumble Guys                       | Global
bloodstrike              | Blood Strike                       | Global
whiteout_survival        | Whiteout Survival                  | Global
wor                      | Watcher of Realms                  | Global
dragonheir               | Dragonheir: Silent Gods            | Global
hatsune_miku             | Hatsune Miku                       | Global
metal_slug               | Metal Slug Awakening               | Global
sausage_man              | Sausage Man                        | Global
t3_arena                 | T3 Arena                           | Global
valorant_my              | Valorant Malaysia                  | Malaysia
growtopia                | Growtopia                          | Global
echocalypse              | Youzu Echocalypse                  | Global
lifeafter                | LifeAfter                          | Global
eve_echoes               | Eve Echoes                         | Global
onepunchworld            | One Punch Man World                | Global
teamfight_tactics        | Teamfight Tactics                  | Global
legends_of_runeterra     | Legends of Runeterra               | Global
dragon_raja              | Dragon Raja                        | Global
hok                      | Honor of Kings                     | Global
blockman_go              | Blockman Go                        | Global
lords_mobile             | Lords Mobile                       | Global
eggy_party               | Eggy Party                         | Global
dmc                      | Devil May Cry: Peak of Combat      | Global
